PARK-IN

Theme: Smart Transportation  Sub theme:Smart parking   Driver searching for parking are estimated to be responsible for about 30% of traffic congestion in cities. In Noida which is a residential cum industrial city, is currently facing a lots of issues in traffic management due to parking.It has become clear though that creating more parking spaces is not sufficient to address the problem of congestion new approaches using smart parking can be used to deal with the above problem.   Park_In is a parking website that can used by the people of noida for booking a parking slot in the parking area. This is smart parking system with an interactive UI, meeting the needs of user to pay conveniently using the blockchain system. List of essential elements of project: 1. User Interactive UI - This website give you easy and fast access to the UI which will let user to easily access the website. 2. Easy slot selection -The simple UI to select his desired parking slot for his vehicle. 3. Golang(strong and fast backend for website) is good for writing back-ends(HTTP, RPC),tooling and systems programming though you can make use of anywhere you would like. 4. Secured Blockchain payment -Ethereum is an open source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform and operating system featuring smart contract functionality. 5. MongoDB is a document database in which one collection holds different documents. Number of fields, content and size of the document can differ from one document to another.MongoDB supports dynamic queries on documents using a document-based query language that's nearly as powerful as SQL.   Technology used:   1. HTML-Hypertext Markup Language is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser. 2. CSS-Cascading Style Sheets is a style sheet language used for describing the presentation of a document written in a markup language like HTML. 3. JavaScript- often abbreviated as JS, is a high-level, just-in-time compiled, multi-paradigm programming language that conforms to the ECMAScript specification. JavaScript has curly-bracket syntax, dynamic typing, prototype-based object-orientation, and first-class functions. 4. GO-also known as Golang, is a statically typed, compiled programming language designed at Google. Go is syntactically similar to C, but with memory safety, garbage collection, structural typing, and CSP-style concurrency.  5. MongoDB- is a cross-platform document-oriented database program.  Classified as a NoSQL database program, MongoDB uses JSON-like documents with schema. MongoDB is developed by MongoDB Inc. and licensed under the Server Side Public License. 6. Ethereum is an open source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform and operating system featuring smart contract functionality. It supports a modified version of Nakamoto consensus via transaction-based state transitions. 7. MetaMask is a bridge that allows you to visit the distributed web of tomorrow in your browser today. It allows you to run Ethereum dApps right in your browser without running a full Ethereum node.MetaMask includes a secure identity vault, providing a user interface to manage your identities on different sites and sign blockchain transactions.   Features likely to implemented in future:
       1. Multistage parking map
       2. location of nearest parking
